[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are talking about recent
missions with Randy Cramer.
Randy, welcome.
Well, on previous
episodes, Randy,
we talked about the Nautilus.
And we're trying to find
out-- a lot of viewers
have been writing in and wanted
to get more details on this.
>> Sure.
The Nautilus is classified
as an IG highliner craft.
And the IG, in this case,
stands for Intergalactic.
Most vehicles having either
an IG or an IS designation
to indicate whether they're
an intergalactically capable
traveling vehicle or whether
their intersolar, and only
for cruising around
the solar system.
It's classified as
an IG highliner.
It's about a mile
or so in length.
It's kind of like a
cylinder, like a long tube.
The front section is
the command section.
The rear section is the
engineering section.
The middle section
is the flight deck.
So as a pilot, I lived and
worked on the flight deck.
And then when we--
basically, 99% of what
we did was patrols.
So the Nautilus
itself would deploy
to a location in the
solar system somewhere,
and then we would get
deployed out in squadrons,
and go do these kind of a search
pattern over a large area,
and then come back.
And do that several times a day.
I used to call it
glorified guard dog
duty, because anything that
comes in the yard that's not
supposed to be in the
yard, we'd bark-- bar, bar,
bar-- and chase them away.
And that's basically
what we did.
So if we ever ran
into anything that
was outside the shipping
lanes, because all traffic goes
through the shipping lanes.
And so we would be patrolling
outside the shipping
lanes for ne'er do wells trying
to sneak in past the defenses.
>> Now, I would assume that
there's many different teams
on here for different
missions, or is it really just
for security forces?
Or do you have like an
environmental group in there?
Do you have these other--
do you have a medical group
in there on these missions?
>> The Nautilus itself is
basically a flying aircraft
carrier.
So there is certainly
a medical section.
There's a medical team
if somebody gets hurt,
or we find anything interesting.
But usually, that's not our job.
Usually, we blow something up.
And then, as you
know, someone else
comes along and cleans up the
debris and picks up the parts.
>> How long are these missions
when you go onto the craft?
>> I mean, a patrol can
be a couple of hours.
I mean, the longest
patrol I think I was on
was maybe almost
four hours long.
But patrols are usually pretty
quick in the sense that you--
again, you're running
a search pattern.
And then when you're
done, you come back.
And then the ship moves,
and you do another one.
And you just keep running
these search patterns
until your shift's over.
>> What about the
gravity on these craft?
And do you also have
other smaller craft that
are attached to this craft?
>> Oh, sure.
So gravity plating,
which is essentially--
my understanding of the gravity
plating is they're about a 4
by 4 plate.
And they have these
magnetogravitic coils in them
that's essentially
able to create a pull,
a gravity pull
that's adjustable.
So you can adjust them
to 0.1, 0.5, 1 G, 2
G. You can adjust them to
whatever for your needs.
So they're adjustable to--
well, we sell them.
For instance, so if a species
wanted gravity plating
for their ships,
they could adjust it
to whatever the gravitation
of their homeworld is.
So it helps us not
lose muscle mass,
but it turns out there
is also something
in the human body that
requires literal grounding.
So a lot of that floating
around changes the DNA.
It's not very healthy
for even astronauts
that we have like working
on the International Space
Station and the shuttle
missions and so forth.
It's not very healthy for them.
So that gravity plating
helps keep you grounded
and reduces the incidents
of space madness, which
is a real thing, and it sucks.
>> Are we looking at thousands
of craft and hundreds
of thousands of soldiers?
>> There were multiple
highliners and multiple
carriers.
I think there was at
least a dozen of them
and several hundred fighters.
>> And do you actually go to
these planets with these craft?
>> Well, when I was on
the Nautilus, not so much.
The Nautilus was pretty
much an intersolar activity.
We patrolled around
the solar system.
And that was it.
Now, when I was on the
Farragut, that was different.
The Farragut is about half the
length, a little bit wider.
It's a little bit flatter.
It's a special forces frigate.
So it has 18 different
special forces teams,
which all have really
different designations.
So I like to think of it as the
Swiss army knife of the fleet.
So depending on what you
need, depending on which
tool you flip out of
your Swiss army knife.
And that vehicle
and those forces
were deployed across
the galaxy and farther.
>> Can you share with us some
of those functions and devices?
>> Well, it's 18 different
special forces teams.
So each team is
specially designated,
has a specific training,
specific background,
is good at certain things.
The team that I worked
with, our primary function
was rapid insertion and
extraction or termination
of high value targets.
So that was what we did.
We flew these very,
very fast craft
that go in and out of a
situation very, very quickly,
and either grab someone that
you want to save or kill someone
that you want to get rid of.
So that was mostly what we did.
And then get out again
really, really fast.
>> Can you share with me what
are the devices and weapons
you're using to
acquire these beings?
>> So we had an exosuit, which
we had an exosuit when I was
in the MDF, which is
the Mars Defense Force,
which I've talked
a little bit about.
These were way
more sophisticated.
So there were three
primary types of exosuits.
There was what we call the--
we sort of called the baby
exosuit, because it's small,
and it's tight to the body and
has small hydraulics and stuff
in it.
It gives you about a 25%
increase in strength,
endurance, and speed.
But that's in a body armored
suit and an environment suit
that then you step into what
we used to call the papa bear
exosuit, which is a larger
exosuit, which has larger
hydraulics, larger mechanisms.
It also has a mounted
rail gun on the right arm.
It has a mounted
programmable rocket launcher
on the left arm.
In some cases, it has a
shoulder-mounted rocket
launcher, or depending on
the need for the mission,
the rear launching weapon
can be outfitted differently.
So you can have a rocket
launcher or a plasma launcher,
or you can have
something that shoots
behind you in case someone's
trying to sneak up,
or you have--
basically you can
hit things behind you
without having to see them.
It's a pretty peculiar thing.
So you've got this
heads-up display.
You've got this little
screen down here,
which is basically we
call the rear view mirror,
because it shows you
exactly what's behind you.
And it's got a little
targeting reticle.
And so if all of a sudden
I see something light up
in the infrared on
that back screen,
then that gives me an option
to target and launch basically
with a verbal command.
It has a hydraulic
augmented leg so
that you can jump really far.
There's a control
panel on the wrist.
You can program the jumper.
So you can actually see
where you are on a map.
And you can program I want to
jump from here to here to here,
and then the computer
will calculate
based on the gravity and
the weight exactly how
much force the legs
need to jump to land you
in the exact same spot.
So instead of-- you have the
ability to jump manually,
but you also have this ability
to get ridiculous precision
by programming what
jumps you want to do.
And so you can go 1, 2,
3, something like that.
>> Fascinating.
Fascinating.
>> Oh.
And so the rocket
launcher, you can also
program whether you want it to
explode in front of a target,
to the side of a target,
or behind the target.
So a lot of armor
is frontloaded,
and a lot of-- some of
it's not always backloaded.
So sometimes really
all you want to do
is position an exploding
projectile behind someone's
head a couple of feet
instead of in front of them,
because behind them
you'll do more damage.
>> You're explaining to me
something that just reminds me
of all out, complete war,
which means there's definitely
an agenda behind that, that
you were involved with.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And what was that
agenda for that race?
>> Primarily contracting.
So we have all these
trade relationships
with all of these
other species, right?
And very much in
the same way here
on planet Earth, the United
States military, biggest,
strongest military
in the world, we
have many allies
and trade partners
around the world who don't have
really sophisticated militaries
and really amazing
training programs.
So sometimes when they need
something done, they call us.
And then we work out a
deal on whether we're
going to help them,
or what it's going
to cost for us to
come help them,
what the trade agreement
would need to be, et cetera.
Well, it's no different out in
the intergalactic community.
We have many trade partners.
And a lot of them are not as
military equipped as we are.
So when they need
military assistance
or they find themselves
in a conflict, well,
who do you think
they call first?
They call us.
So then--
>> What brings on
these conflicts?
What did they do to us that
we have to attack them?
>> Well, again, it's not usually
something that they're doing
directly to us.
More often than not,
it's a trade route threat
or a trade partner threat.
And we don't want our
trade routes threatened,
and we don't want our
trade partners threatened.
>> A type of
protection services.
>> Yeah.
So if we have a
trade partner that
gets invaded by a
neighbor, or maybe has
a couple of planetary
colonies that get invaded
by a local neighbor, and
they're like, ah, what do we do?
They're going to call us.
>> Space pirates.
>> Right.
Or space pirates,
which is a thing.
Space pirates are a thing.
So yeah, I mean, they
call us, and we show up
with the best of the best.
>> Randy, what mission was the
most mind-blowing mission that
you've ever had?
>> I can think of maybe two
or three things that might fit
that criteria.
So I'll pick one.
We were contracted
by a trade partner
to help liberate a colony
that had been attacked.
And they called us
in to go and liberate
some high value targets.
>> Can you tell us their
names or what system?
>> Yeah.
They're a species that lives
in the Cassiopeian system.
They were having an issue
with a hostile neighbor that
had sort of tried to seize
a couple of their colonies.
And so they called
us and asked us
to bring in some
material support
and see if we could liberate
some high value targets
and maybe brush some
of the enemy aside.
So we approached this planet,
scanning for bases, colonies,
lifeforms.
None of the species
that we were looking for
showed up on our scopes at all.
Only normal vegetative and
animal life was showing.
So that--
>> Did you also scan the
inside the planet as well?
>> Oh, yeah.
I mean, our scanners
go about 40 miles down.
About 40 miles,
which is pretty good.
>> As a stealth mission, you're
cloaked coming into this?
>> Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Well, let me put it this way.
Our ship is still about halfway
across the solar system.
We send a couple of drones
in to take pictures and scans
and get really, really close.
And they're cloaked
and everything.
And we were just seeing
these empty structures
and empty buildings,
and weren't sure
whether they were
hiding somewhere,
whether they'd
already evacuated,
or whether they'd
all been massacred.
We couldn't tell from
where we were at.
So when we went down onto
the surface of the planet
to investigate,
we were surprised.
So there was another
extraterrestrial spe--
and I'm going to use the
term "species" loosely,
because we don't
believe that this
was an organic-evolved species.
We think this was a
genetically-engineered species
that was a planet killer,
that was basically,
you throw one of these--
>> Who made them?
>> We don't know.
We're not sure.
We haven't been able to
track down who made them.
We think the species that
was engaged in hostilities
was being sold weapons tech
by another species, two
or three other arms
merchants from somewhere.
So somebody came along and
gave them this alien weapon,
which basically creates this
genetically-- biological
killing machine that looks--
it can be out of phase,
so you can't see it on infrared.
You can't see it in ultraviolet.
You can't pick it up on
the scopes of the scanners.
It has the ability to
teleport short distances.
They're psionically
telepathically linked.
So when you run into one, it's
going to tell the others nearby
that they need to show up.
And before you know it,
you're going to be in a swarm.
>> What do they look like?
>> Oh, my god.
They're horrifying.
So imagine a scorpion
with arms and a stinger
with a piercing stinger on
it that's about a foot long.
>> Oh, my.
>> A head with no eyes, lots
of teeth, and a couple legs,
and a couple of arms
to grab things with.
And they scurry, and they
stab with the stinger.
And again, they show
up in massive swarms.
And there's just-- you just run.
>> How large are these?
>> Big as a motorcycle
with a sidecar.
>> What do they eat?
Where do they live
there on the planet?
>> We have no idea.
They come out of nowhere.
So we don't know
where they live.
We don't know how they habitat.
They eat anything, apparently.
With those teeth, they
absolutely eat anything.
>> So how did this mission
resolve itself since they were
so vicious and terrifying?
>> We had to evacuate the
planet, and then, well,
we discussed with the species
who called us in and with
our command personnel.
And the commanders decided
to use a metagenic weapon.
So they annihilated
all life on the planet.
>> What is a metagenic weapon?
>> A metagenic weapon is
like a bacteria or a virus
that's so strong that it will
wipe out all life on a planet
usually within a few days.
>> So they couldn't just make
it just for that species,
because they didn't have
probably any knowledge
of the DNA.
>> We couldn't capture one.
We couldn't capture one.
>> That says lot.
>> Yeah.
>> You guys couldn't
capture one.
>> No, we couldn't capture one.
>> Have you ever had that
experience before with another
species you were
trying to acquire?
>> Nope, nope.
That we couldn't get--
that we couldn't cut
off an arm or a leg?
No.
>> What was your
role in that mission?
Did you go to the
surface or were you
still outside the
exoatmosphere, looking in?
>> Oh, I was on the surface.
My job was to lead a team
into the headquarters
of the military
base that was empty
and see if we could find
any traces of anyone,
any bodies, any recorded or
written messages, anything
to let us know what happened
to them or where they went.
>> Did they have debriefing
files that you could go through
to prepare yourself for
this horrific event?
>> We knew very little.
The species that
we were helping,
this Cassiopeian
species, had given us
the basic intel
information of who
was there, where
the colonies were,
where the military bases were.
They gave us that
basic information.
But when we got there,
nobody was there.
All the life signs were gone.
So we had intel that when
we got there changed,
and so we had to essentially
just go from square one
to try and figure out what
was going on and what to do.
>> Did you lose anyone in
your team on this mission?
>> Two.
And how many were actually with
you down there on the surface?
>> 12.
>> And did they die
from these creatures?
>> Yeah.
Ripped to shreds.
>> Were your weapons
not working on them?
>> Oh, they were working.
We were just overwhelmed.
>> There were just too many.
>> There were too many of them.
Literally, it was,
"There's too many of them!
Get us out here!"
I mean, it was-- yeah, there
were just too many of them,
because they teleport in.
So if you got one, 20
more will teleport in
within a few minutes.
Within a few minutes after
that, another 50, or another 100
will teleport in.
And you'd be swarmed
in a matter of minutes.
>> Were you able to get any
samples from the remains
to take back with you?
>> Nope.
>> Is that planet
still habitable?
>> No.
Everything's dead-- lifeless.
I mean, it could be
reterraformed, maybe.
But I mean, there's still
a breathable atmosphere,
but every plant,
animal, insect is dead.
>> Have you heard that these--
this species survived anywhere
else on any other planets?
Or was that the last time
you've ever seen them?
>> Well, it's the first and
last time I've ever seen them.
I have spoken to at
least one other person
who also ran into them
in a separate mission
somewhere else.
Now, but what we think we
understand about them is iffy,
but they don't seem like they're
a sentient, technologically
advanced, spacefaring species.
They're a genetically
engineered foot soldier.
So while they're
psionically connected
and have some
advanced evolution,
we never got the sense
from them that there
was what you or I would
normally think of as
intelligent, coherent thought.
It was more like animals
who were programmed
to be way better than animals.
So I don't think that
that species in itself
is the threat.
Whoever made them might be.
But that species in
question is a weapon.
It's a weaponized, organic,
engineered scorpion thing.
>> Was it a hypothesis that you
and your team came up with that
they have this psionic ability?
Or is it more like just ants
when you disturb the pile,
they let a scent out and
everyone knows what to do.
>> We had psionic specialists
who were viewing the whole
thing.
And their report was
that these were creatures
that had a psionic ability,
that they would communicate
with others, and that that
would draw others in at a range.
>> What was the longest length
that you've seen one of these
teletransport away from
you or towards you?
>> I think they were
coming from miles away.
I mean, that's what the psionic
specialists' reports said,
that they were coming
from miles away.
But there did seem
to be a range.
Their psionic
communication range
seemed to be about 20 miles.
And their teleportation range
seemed to be about 10 miles.
>> What's the role your
ship up there, Randy?
I know they're monitoring
things, but how does that work?
I mean, are they going to--
are you still in complete
communication with them?
>> Oh, yeah, we're in
constant communication.
There's always a
commanding officer
in the earpiece telling you
what's coming up or what to do.
The job of the
ship is essentially
logistics and support.
So they're providing
us with a lot
of eyes in the sky, information
telling us where things are,
and what's around us, what's
happening, who's coming here.
Oh, you've got something coming
in on your left flank a mile
away.
Get ready for that.
>> Was your craft on the planet
or were you teletransported
there?
>> In this particular case,
we were sent down by wormhole,
because when we determined
that there was no life
on the planet, or no life that
we could determine that was
sentient beings, someone
determined in the command
structure that it seemed
risky to take ships down.
So we decided to take the
other risk of taking a wormhole
or jumpgate.
>> I'm assuming
your craft is armed.
Is it armed, the craft?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Can they provide support
like we do here in the military?
Can they come down there?
Can they start shooting
things from way
up there to extract
you know safely?
>> Right.
Just like down here, you
don't start artillery bombing
an enemy that's
engaging in close up
hand-to-hand with
your own troops,
because you're
going to bomb them.
So there really wasn't
an opportunity for them
to provide air support, or
any kind of sky support.
So they were in communication
and watching the situation
as it unfolded.
Any situation that we
engage in militarily,
our first reaction
is not to run away.
Our first response is to engage
and attain victory, and then
decide what to do after that.
As the situation began
to devolve, and get worse
and worse and worse,
and it was clear
that we were not going
to be able to win,
and it was a matter of how
then are we going to get out,
then the discussion
was like, OK,
what do we do for extraction?
How do we get you
guys out of here?
It was a pretty short conflict.
It didn't last very long--
15-20 minutes tops.
But it went to shit really fast.
>> That's a long
time during that.
>> Yeah.
So they essentially
extracted us via jumpgate,
and we all popped through.
And one of the uglies managed
to come through behind us
through the wormhole, but was--
>> Severed.
>> That was just one.
No, we killed it instantly.
I think it came through, and
it was like 10 against one.
And at that point, it was--
>> Hmm.
>> But then something triggered
in its biological mechanism,
and all of these
cells, apparently,
when they started to gas out
started to secrete a highly,
highly caustic base.
Not an acid, but a base.
Basically, the DNA
and the biology
liquefied in about 5 minutes.
>> Yeah.
That makes me definitely
believe it was bioengineered.
>> Yes.
That's one of the
reasons why we think so.
>> Because if you see that,
that's a safety protocol we put
in beings that we're making so
no one else can recopy what we
just made.
>> Yeah.
>> It's like
securing our patent.
>> Yeah.
There's no way to get a copy
of the DNA and make a copy.
It's dissolved.
It's gone.
Yeah.
>> Oh, fascinating.
>> Yeah.
>> Randy, after one
of these missions,
what's the protocol
once you get back from--
you just was on a planet.
You had engaged some species.
Do you go into decontamination?
>> Oh, yeah.
We go into decon quarantine
when you come back
from a place like that.
And every square inch of
every piece of equipment,
every square inch of
your skin is examined.
You're given blood test after
blood test after endocrine test
to make sure that
you haven't picked up
any biological
bacteria organisms.
And then once you've
gone through that,
they still put you in
a tube, in like a pod,
and you have to lay in that
thing for a couple hours
while it cleanses out and
kills everything that's
not supposed to be there.
So it's a pretty intense
quarantine process.
>> We used to call
them plasma showers.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
This is more of a bath,
because you sort of lay in it.
>> Now, when you're done with
this two decades of this tour
and you come back, is there
anything special you have to do
to your body?
Or are you debriefed
on anything else?
Do you know when you're
going to go out again?
>> No.
They don't really tell you much.
They basically tell you when
you're being rotated out.
And in our case,
we were sent back
to Luna Operations Command
for what they call a "memory
wipe" and "age reversing."
And I'm making the air quotes,
because it's not really
a memory wipe.
And it's not really
age reversing.
It's a memory suppression, and
they don't age reverse the body
that you're in.
They make a new body,
transfer your consciousness
to that body, and then
throw your old one
in the incinerator.
>> How do you explain that you
have this total recall of these
memories?
>> Well, a lot of
work, first of all.
The memory retrieval
process was something
that started to happen when
I was younger on its own,
which it typically does.
But an individual has to
either engage with that
or disengage with that.
And a lot of people choose
to disengage with it,
because they don't necessarily
want to go down that road.
People who do choose to
engage with it end up
with a long period of time
to sort out the memory recall
process, the trauma process.
Every person's experience
is very different.
So it's a complicated process.
And what I have
found is over time
there is even more than
I thought that there was.
So at first, I thought,
OK, there's this much.
It's like, oh, no, wait.
There's this much.
And then, recently, it's,
oh, no, there's this much.
So I don't know whether I'm
at the bottom yet of how many
years or decades
that I spent serving
in my tour, or
every last memory.
I feel like I've got a lot.
But I guess the short
answer to that question
is a lot of hard work, as
well as the programming
and conditioning.
As I point out sometimes, I am
not programmed and conditioned
like a lot of other people
from a lot of other programs.
The United States Marine
Corps Special Section
had a very different idea about
how we want to train and create
soldiers, augmented soldiers.
We don't believe that breaking
someone's mind again and again
and again in order to build
something that's pliable
is a good use of
material, nor is it
an economical use of material.
>> Could it could it
actually kill somebody,
the overload of that?
>> Yes.
>> You know, I've heard many
things talking in the projects,
where if you get your mind
swiped too many times,
there's no returning.
You kind of get gorked
out a little bit.
You can't fit into society.
I mean, you seem to be
so emotionally stable,
and you're still receiving
more of this information.
>> Right.
I'm very fortunate in that way.
Like I said, we do
things a bit differently.
So we don't necessarily go with
the trauma-based mind control.
We don't want to break people
in order to rebuild them.
So I think, for starters,
that's my number one probably
best benefit that
I have in that area
is that I don't have as much
baggage as some other people
do.
That's not to say that I
wasn't without my baggage
when I came back from my tour.
But decades of working on
a personal healing process
and dedicated meditative work
and dedicated self-mastery
is why I can function out of
doors and in crowds and things
like that.
I mean, I went through years
of terrible agoraphobia
where I didn't like crowds.
I didn't like--
I felt unsafe outdoors,
where something
could be in the trees,
or anything like that.
I mean, it was horribly paranoid
to have to live with that.
But the healing process,
as it continued,
the symptomology became
less and less and less.
And the insomnia
started to subside.
And the anxiety
And the agoraphobia subsided.
So I'm here because
of a lot of work.
And again, because of a
positive form of training
and programming, and
because at some point,
I got the assistance
of my command personnel
instead of fighting
against them,
which is I tell
people who come to me
and ask me about
what do they do.
I say, well, look, the
first thing you want to do
is understand that if you
find a way to cooperate
with the people who are
in your chain of command,
you'll do way better than if
you try and kick and scream.
Kicking and screaming
is not likely to get you
where you want to go with that.
Making positive
communication with people
in your chain of
command are more
likely to get them to help you
with the healing process, which
is what happened in my case.
>> And that's why you're
actually here and have come
forward, because they kind
of like gave you permission,
but you kind of allowed
them to give you permission.
You know what I mean?
>> Yeah.
I mean, there was a conversation
that my brigadier general
had with me and
asked me if I wanted
to go public with my story.
And my initial response--
I'll be kind--
I swore a lot, and
I was very angry.
And I was not interested.
Over time we had conversations
that convinced me
that it would be better than
doing what I was doing before.
So yeah, I was asked by the
command staff of United States
Marine Corps Special
Section to be their de
facto public relations officer.
So yeah.
I got specifically
asked to do this.
And I reluctantly
agreed at first,
but over time, my
brigadier was right.
This is way better than doing
what I was doing before.
>> Have you met people like
yourself that you recall
or that have come up to
you, maybe had a little bit
of a recall with this, and
do you communicate with them?
>> A couple.
Yeah, one of them actually
showed up in my life
earlier this year.
And it was a pretty immediate
like, wait, I think I know you.
And then, really,
it was basically
the trigger of a conversation,
do you remember da--
and it was like,
oh, my god, yes.
And so yeah, there's a couple
of people who have tracked me
down, and said, I know you.
And here's the context where.
And we sorted that
out in such a way
without me divulging
personal information
that there were things that we
knew about each other there was
simply no way to
know unless we had
known each other personally.
Now, I will also stipulate
I've had a few people also
attempt to contact me and say,
oh, I'm sure that I know you.
I'm sure that we
served here or there.
But let's just say that those
people gave me a narrative
that I looked at and went, no,
I don't think that's legit.
So you're still
dealing with this mess
of people who have
legitimate experiences who
are trying to sort
them out, people
who have legitimate experiences,
but their brains are oatmeal--
it's not their fault--
and then people whose
brains are oatmeal.
And sorting out which is
which and who you can help
and who you can't is difficult.
>> Do you see any of these
individuals coming out
in the future, like you did,
as an insider and telling
the world their story?
>> Certainly this
one friend, I think,
with some prodding I can
convince her to start talking.
But she's leery.
Understandably.
But just leery at this point.
And just to be fair, most
people have no motivation
and no self-interest in it.
It doesn't gain them anything.
>> Right.
>> They're not likely to benefit
hugely in any way, shape,
or form from that.
I wouldn't be doing this
if I hadn't asked to,
and it wasn't a matter of
honor and duty and so forth.
So I can understand someone--
let me put it this way.
Most of the people who contact
me don't want to do interviews,
don't want to be on TV or radio.
They just want to get
their lives back together.
That's really all they want.
They want some peace of mind
and some sanity in their world.
But most of them
have no desire to.
I didn't have any
desire to do this.
This wasn't like
what I wanted to do.
My brigadier general
asked me if I wanted to.
OK.
So that's different than,
oh, yeah, I want to be on TV.
I have no desire to be famous.
>> Well, Randy, that
was fascinating.
Thanks for coming on the show.
It's always a
pleasure to have you.
>> Oh, thank you.
It's always a
pleasure to be here.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
[MUSIC PLAYING]